Update issue templates (#5544)
filecoin-project/lotus: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/deal-making-issues.md

---
name: Deal Making Issues
about: Create a report for help with deal making failures.
title: "[Deal Making Issue]"
labels: hint/needs-triaging, area/markets
assignees: ''

---

Please provide all the information requested here to help us troubleshoot "deal making failed" issues.
If the information requested is missing, we will probably have to just ask you to provide it anyway,
before we can help debug.

**Basic Information**
Including information like, Are you the client or the miner? Is this a storage deal or a retrieval deal? Is it an offline deal?

**Describe the problem**

> A brief description of the problem you encountered while deal making. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A brief description of the problem you encountered while trying to make a deal. 
```

**Version**

The output of `lotus --version`.

**Setup**

> You miner(if applicable) and daemon setup.

Reviewer: Should probably elaborate a bit more on what "setup" means in this context

Author: updated

**Commands**

> Commands you ran.

Reviewer: I'd use the 'To Reproduce' from bug-report.md, you don't have to run commands to make a deal

Author: updated

**Deal status**

> The output of `lotus client` or `lotus-miner storage-deals|retrieval-deals|data-transfers` commands for the deal(s) in question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output of `lotus client list-deals -v` and/or `lotus-miner storage-deals|retrieval-deals|data-transfers list [-v]` commands for the deal(s) in question.
```
